what's up guys it is your boy we messed
the 11 on today for you I have an
in-form memphis they pipe layer of you
this guy got in team of the week for
scoring a bris at the weekend for psv he
was robbed of an in-form the first time
he got a PS this season so we finally
got the card that most scalars and open
the team players would love to have in
their squad as you see I put a pretty
cheap team around him at the 433 touch
water is actually pretty good overall
squad and it suited the pie is placed
out a lot especially with the look
tiyanak striker he is very very good but
you're here to c 2 pi not look good look
beyond but look at this the pie he's
amazing the first thing I want to get
onto his weak foot look at that boom
parts at home easy as you like with his
weak foot in we third is to star night
he is right footed to being on the the
left it doesn't really seem to be done
much of a problem if you're cutting
inside with the pie he can just smash it
home with his right foot but I see he is
capable of scoring with his left foot
with ease i scored two fantastic goals
with his left foot in the clips and i'm
not the bestest killers but i thought
this was quite a nice cool especially
was because this with his week which
reminds it generates so much power and
accuracy with his weak foot at least a
lot of players with to sorrow or one
star we could and you know they haven't
been able to use their weak foot at all
but the pie he is capable of scoring
with either foot so that is a huge
upside for him and also it's the obvious
15 * skills everybody loves a five-star
skills player on the wing if we enjoyed
in skills definitely go out and try this
guy because he is this killers dream he
can he can just dribble for days and his
his skills just come off sooo so easily
as well like the defenders struggled to
stop and whenever you do skill me and if
they do
to achieve you know there's several
times that gets brought going in the box
and you get a nice apparently look at
this here just not even the movie in
seeing skill runs but you know it forces
the player to bring and darn in the box
and then you just get an easing paneling
soup where you have a much easier chance
of scoring your direction words of
wisdom first question is the price tag
800k i pay for mine okay he will be
dropping in price for look at after
finish I'm sorry but Luca dhafra finish
out the love da cool just the way it was
just leaning back and just hits over the
insiders foot and just spins into the
dark corner of such a beautiful goal but
yet on okay don't buy him for that
because I would say he's working by 300
k because you know his pious his piece
is amazing but i wouldn't pay 810
because you know there's much better
players out there you can pick up for
these hundred thousand coins okay he
will drop in price a lot compared to
what i paid form so i would wit a few
weeks or wait till the end of the team
of the week at least because he is a
fantastic player you can notice a lot of
upgrades from his normal card you can
nodal notices PS hitters went up a lot
you can fear he feels a lot faster than
his normal card he's short and his
passing also feels a lot better the only
thing i really say that lets him down on
this card is his price and the fact that
he can really head the ball and okay
this is a bit weird he got an upgrade in
his strength but he feels weaker at
times not his normal card but then
there's sometimes he feels a lot
stronger than his normal car so the
strength is a better if he's but for the
price you pay iran loot heirs there's
plenty of other players out there you
can pick up i would wait till I'm 300k
mark before you triumph so hope you
enjoyed this very level like comment and
subscribe